README.md, before:

SNPSEQ Archive Verify
==================

A self contained (aiohttp) REST service that helps verify uploaded SNP&SEQ archives by first downloading the archive from PDC, and then compare the MD5 sums for all associated files. 

The web service enqueues certain job functions in the RQ/Redis queue, where they get picked up by the separate RQ worker process. 

The downloaded files are deleted on successful verification, and retained if any error occurs.

Trying it out
-------------

    python3 -m pip install pipenv
    pipenv install --deploy
    apt-get install redis-server

Try running it:

     pipenv run ./archive-verify-ws -c=config/
     pipenv run rq worker


Mock Downloading
----------------

If you are running this service locally and don't have IBM's dsmc client installed, you can skip the downloading step and verify an archive that is already on your machine.

To use this method:
- copy* an archive that has been pre-downloaded from PDC into the verify_root_dir set in app.yaml
- Delete or edit some files from the archive if you wish to trigger a validation error.
- in app.yml, set:


    pdc_client: "MockPdcClient"
    
\*Note that the archive will be deleted from verify_root_dir on successful verification

#### Naming Conventions for Mock Download ####
Note that when an archive is downloaded from PDC using snpseq-archive-verify, the downloaded directory is formatted with the name of the archive plus the RQ job id, like so:

    {verify_root_dir}/{archive_name}_{rq_job_id}

When mocking downloading, we search verify_root_dir for archive_name and use the first directory found, ignoring the rq_job_id.


Running tests
-------------

    pipenv install --dev
    pipenv run nosetests tests/

REST endpoints
--------------

Enqueue a verification job of a specific archive: 
    
    curl -i -X "POST" -d '{"host": "my-host", "description": "my-descr", "archive": "my_001XBC_archive"}' http://localhost:8989/api/1.0/verify

Check the current status of an enqueued job: 

    curl -i -X "GET" http://localhost:8989/api/1.0/status/<job-uuid-returned-from-verify-endpoint>

Commit message:

DEVELOP-1339 - update codebase to be python 3.6-compatible, updating some vulnerable packages and implement mocking of the Redis client along the way

README.md, after:

SNPSEQ Archive Verify
==================

A self contained (aiohttp) REST service that helps verify uploaded SNP&SEQ archives by first downloading the archive from PDC, and then compare the MD5 sums for all associated files. 

The web service enqueues certain job functions in the RQ/Redis queue, where they get picked up by the separate RQ worker process. 

The downloaded files are deleted on successful verification, and retained if any error occurs.

Pre-requisites
--------------
You will need python 3.6 and redis.

Install redis with:

    apt-get install redis-server

And start it with:

    redis-server


Trying it out
-------------

    python3 -m pip install pipenv
    pipenv install --deploy

Try running it:

     pipenv run ./archive-verify-ws -c=config/
     pipenv run rq worker


Mock Downloading
----------------

If you are running this service locally and don't have IBM's dsmc client installed, you can skip the downloading step and verify an archive that is already on your machine.

To use this method:
- copy* an archive that has been pre-downloaded from PDC into the verify_root_dir set in app.yaml
- Delete or edit some files from the archive if you wish to trigger a validation error.
- in app.yml, set:


    pdc_client: "MockPdcClient"
    
\*Note that the archive will be deleted from verify_root_dir on successful verification

#### Naming Conventions for Mock Download ####
Note that when an archive is downloaded from PDC using snpseq-archive-verify, the downloaded directory is formatted with the name of the archive plus the RQ job id, like so:

    {verify_root_dir}/{archive_name}_{rq_job_id}

When mocking downloading, we search verify_root_dir for archive_name and use the first directory found, ignoring the rq_job_id.


Running tests
-------------

    pipenv install --dev
    pipenv run nosetests tests/

REST endpoints
--------------

Enqueue a verification job of a specific archive: 
    
    curl -i -X "POST" -d '{"host": "my-host", "description": "my-descr", "archive": "my_001XBC_archive"}' http://localhost:8989/api/1.0/verify

Check the current status of an enqueued job: 

    curl -i -X "GET" http://localhost:8989/api/1.0/status/<job-uuid-returned-from-verify-endpoint>
